Nest configurations under a tabs and accordions, update graphql, conv… (#9090)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/core-data-model/dcim/hadevice.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Design Builder](https://docs.nautobot.com/projects/design-builder/en/stable/) snippets
```

## Use Cases

> The primary use cases to consider when creating, updating, or documenting ha model protocols is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The primary use cases to consider when creating, updating, or documenting an HA model protocols is:
```

> The primary use cases to consider when creating, updating, or documenting an HA model protocols is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary use cases to consider when creating, updating, or documenting HA model protocols are:
```

- Can you create a link aggregation group (LAG) across multiple devices?
- Can you see all interfaces on the Primary?

> - Can you see all interfaces on the Backup?

Reviewer 2: Noting to avoid missing it as I review.  Standardize on "Backup vs Standby vs secondary vs non-primary"

#### Quick Navigation

- [Virtual Chassis](virtualchassis.md)
    - Arista Stack
    - Cisco VSS
    - Cisco Stackwise
    - Cisco Stackwise Virtual
    - Cisco FTD
    - HPE Intelligent Resilient Framework (IRF)
    - Juniper SRX (Chassis Cluster)
    - Extreme Networks SummitStack

- [Device Redundancy Group](deviceredundancygroup.md)
    - A10 Thunder
    - Arista MLAG
    - Aruba Silver Peak
    - Cisco ASA
    - Cisco vPC
    - Cisco Viptela | Catalyst SD-WAN Manager
    - F5 BIG-IP
    - Juniper MC-LAG

>     - Versa Secure SD-WAN

Reviewer 2: Considering direct link for each individual vendor tech to the actual specific "type" under the heading?  Thoughts?

e.g.
- Arista Stack(./virtualchassis.md#multi-chassis-stack)

Reviewer: Could be nice to have, but I do like how clean the nested lists are without all of the links. I do think the order of VC and DRG should match the NavBar ordering or vice versa.

Author: Yes, just need to make it actually work.
